As I've started you off with a template project,
you have everything you need to focus on the steps for using
it to create a Spring Batch application.
In this section of the course,
I'll be demonstrating the configuration of Spring Batch
dependencies and your first Spring Batch job.
The first step for creating your Spring Batch job is to configure the
Spring Batch libraries as project dependencies.
I'm showing a snippet of the build.
gradle file found in the root directory of the project.
I'll be adding two lines here.
The first is a spring-boot-starter for the Spring Batch project.
As a result of adding this line, Spring Boot will bring in two libraries,
spring-batch-core and spring-batch-infrastructure.
The infrastructure library contains logic for interacting with various
underlying components like a database or a file system.
The core library logically sits above infrastructure and contains support
for the various Spring Batch features and configurations.
The second is a test library for Spring Batch specific test support.
We will see some examples of testing when we create the job.
Note that Spring Boot will take care of bringing in the
latest version for all of these libraries,
which as of the time of creating this course is version 4.
0.
Now, let's add the dependencies in the project.
If you're following along with the demos,
I provided a file that will help you along the way.
In the root directory of the project is a file named DEMOS.
md.
It contains the text for every demo from the course
including code samples and import lines.
I'm now going to cover Demo 2 for adding Gradle dependencies.
Let's add those dependencies now.
In this demo,
I'm going to walk you through adding the Spring Batch
libraries to the demo application.
I have the patient-batch-loader project loaded up in my IDE.
We need to open up the build.
gradle file to add the dependencies.
Let's do that now.
Here you see the Gradle script.
I need to scroll down to the dependency section.
Here we see the existing dependencies.
Let's start by adding the spring-boot-starter-batch dependency.
Note here that the group name is org.
springframework.
boot and the artifact name is spring-boot-starter-batch.
Next, I need to add the test library.
Here I've dropped in the dependency with the group name of org.
springframework.
batch and the artifact name of spring-batch-test.
Note that the first library will be available at compile time for the project.
This will make the Spring Batch framework available for development.
The second library was added as part of test compilation.
So as I'm coding up my test cases,
I'll again have support from the Spring Batch framework.
Now let's open up the Gradle tab.
And just to make sure that everything is working correctly,
I'm going to refresh the project.
Okay, it looks like the build was successful, so I'm going to minimize that.
And let's go back into our Project tab.
I'll open up the External Libraries section of the project,
and what we want to see here are the libraries available for Spring Batch.
As I noted earlier, when we added the Spring Batch dependency,
we get two libraries.
The first one is the spring-batch-core library,
and the second one is the spring-batch-infrastructure library.
By adding the test dependency, we got a spring-batch-test library.
So this verifies that everything has been added correctly and these Spring Batch libraries will be available at development time.